welcome to the desert a sheen of the
community showcased today featuring the
raw 1993 to 94 arena it was created by
each three Double L it's your T and it's
available for download on xbox 360 so
check out the link in the description
for screenshots and download details
making his way to the ring weighing 287
pounds which in doing what
there's the Bell and you could feel that
electricity this is what WWE is all
about mankind controlling the armed
mankind into the headlock what's there
to say about mankind he said almost all
his teeth knocked out his best friend is
a sock and the dubby dubby Universe
loves him down mankind feels no pain I
mean this is a ministers input this
match is going from bad to worse you
said it I don't think this is a good
idea
did the day
mankind should worry less about his
shenanigans and more about his wrestling
at what point king do those thoughts
creep in of what do I have to do to put
this match to rest and I don't know I
don't know as a dummy to be a superstar
if you ever have those thoughts of self
doubt as the headlock I don't think that
went out of your cities in trouble now
join
to
anteye gets the win
here is your winner
good contest we definitely just
witnessed one for the ages